Add link to v2 migration document and Auth nuget to Contents in README for v2 branch (#2879)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp: readme.md

# Microsoft Azure IoT SDK for .NET

## 2.0.0 clients release notice

> A [2.0.0 preview release](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/releases/tag/2022-10-14-v2preview) has been published for each package in this library. 

Reviewer: Do not encourage users to migrate to a preview release!

Instead, we want them to check it out and give us feedback.

- **Microsoft Azure IoT Hub service SDK for C#** to manage your IoT Hub service instance from a back-end .NET application.
- **Microsoft Azure Provisioning device SDK for C#** to provision devices to Azure IoT Hub with .NET.
- **Microsoft Azure Provisioning service SDK for C#** to manage your Provisioning service instance from a back-end .NET application.

> - **Microsoft Azure IoT Devices Authentication Providers for C#** to provide Authentication codes for Azure IoT device SDKs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Microsoft Azure IoT Devices Authentication Providers for C#** to provide authentication class for provisioning devices and connecting to IoT hub.
```
